CCM-11622-Updated the currency preferences page (#1010)
harness/developer-hub: docs/cloud-cost-management/2-use-cloud-cost-management/ccm-currency-preferences/currency-preferences.md

---

:::note

> Currently, this feature is behind the feature flag **CCM_CURRENCY_PREFERENCES**. Contact Harness Support to enable the feature.uh

Author: Inadvertent entries. Thanks for pointing out.

:::

Harness CCM allows you to view your cloud spend data in the currency of your choice. It is easier to view reports and dashboards in your preferred currency rather than having it in different currencies and then converting them to your preferred currency. It provides more consistent, easy-to-consume, and meaningful cloud analytics across the entire business. 

> CCM allows you to choose from 18 different currencies and displays the cost data in the specified currency. 

Reviewer: Here, we can add the list of supported currencies today.

Author: Done

* [Set up cost visibility for Kubernetes](https://developer.harness.io/docs/cloud-cost-management/onboard-with-cloud-cost-management/set-up-cloud-cost-management/set-up-cost-visibility-for-kubernetes)

## Set up your preferred currency 

To standardize the currency in which your cloud cost data is displayed, perform the following steps:

1. In the Harness application, go to **Cloud Costs**. 
2. Under **Setup**, click **Currency Preferences**.

> 3. Select the currency from the **Currency followed on Cloud Cost Management** drop-down list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Select the currency from the **Currency followed on Cloud Cost Management** dropdown list.
```

 ![](./static/currency-preference-settings.png)

:::caution
Once configured, you cannot change the currency settings. It takes up to 24 hours for data to be shown in your preferred currency. Historical data is also converted and displayed in the preferred currency.
:::

4. You can use the default conversion factor or enter a custom value in the text box for each cloud service provider. This option is useful when you have a predefined negotiated rate of conversion, or you want to use a fixed rate of conversion for reporting purposes.

  
    :::note

>     If you have selected **Default**, the conversion factor is taken from the CUR or Billing Export. If the conversion factor is not available in these reports, a publicly available conversion factor for the selected currency is used. It's important to note that the conversion factor may vary slightly between different cloud accounts.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion - "...from the CUR or Billing Export" reports.""

    :::

5. Click **Save**. 
  
    The currency standardization process begins. On the **Perspectives** page, a banner displays the time and date by which the costs will be available in the selected currency. 

    ![](./static/currency-preference-banner.png)

    The selected currency is applied to the last two years of data. The conversion factor used for the ongoing month is applied to the current month's data, while the conversion factor used for the previous month is applied to the historical data from the past two years.

## Points to remember

* After configuring the currency settings, the currency symbol immediately changes to the preferred one. However, the cost data does not change and remains in the original currency. It may take up to 24 hours for the converted value to be displayed.
* It may take up to 48 hours for data on the **Recommendations** page to be updated.

  ![](./static/currency-preference-recommendations.png)

> * You can configure these settings only for your cloud accounts. Contact Harness Support to view your Kubernetes cluster data in your preferred currency.

Reviewer 2: It would be a good idea to hyperlink Harness Support.

> * You can configure these settings only for your cloud accounts. Contact Harness Support to view your Kubernetes cluster data in your preferred currency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You can configure these settings only for your cloud accounts. Contact Harness Support to view Kubernetes cluster data in your preferred currency.
```

> * The currency format defaults to the _en-us_ locale. If you wish to change this, contact Harness Support.

Reviewer 2: It would be good to hyperlink Harness Support.

    The selected currency is applied to the last two years of data. The conversion factor used for the ongoing month is applied to the current month's data, while the conversion factor used for the previous month is applied to the historical data from the past two years.

## Points to remember

* After configuring the currency settings, the currency symbol immediately changes to the preferred one. However, the cost data does not change and remains in the original currency. It may take up to 24 hours for the converted value to be displayed.
* It may take up to 48 hours for data on the **Recommendations** page to be updated.

  ![](./static/currency-preference-recommendations.png)

* You can configure these settings only for your cloud accounts. Contact Harness Support to view your Kubernetes cluster data in your preferred currency.
* The currency format defaults to the _en-us_ locale. If you wish to change this, contact Harness Support.
  In the following example, the locale is changed from _en-us_ to _fr-be_ which has changed the currency representation (currency symbol appears after the digits).
  The format differs based on the locale.

>     ![](./static/currency-preference-locale.png)

Reviewer: Here, we can mention that if you want to see the currency in different locale, please contact Harness support.

> * If you choose to have currency code instead of currency symbol, contact Harness support.

Reviewer: If they select some preferred currency for which `en-us` locale is not supported then we are showing currency code instead of showing currency symbol.
This happened with one of our customer. So, we changed their locale from `en-us` to `nb-no`.

Here, we can mention that if your preferred currency is not supported for default locale, we will show currency code. And, if you want to see the currency symbol instead, then please contact harness support.
